<XPL_ED_02>
<lexical swap - inglês>

How was the functioning of-the Byzantine Church and its relations with the people, emperor and with the Catholic Church?

The conflicts of order cultural, political, racial and even religious became-themselves inevitable and the bishop Roman passed to be considered traitor (persona non grata) of-the cause Byzantine of expansion and reconquest political and territorial of-the west. It is in-this optic, then, that also must be analyzed all the process of schism between the churches Latin and Greek, members of-the orthodoxy Christian central proto-millenary. Were-not still other causes of tone theological, disciplinary and of customs, one-could reestablish the state of things previously reigning, that-is, the unity in-the diversity.

What is feedback?

Feedback is a term employed in several areas, but in its essence it wants to say retrofeeding, i.e., how a thing interferes in-the other. For example, in-the biology, when a hormone stimulates or de-stimulates the liberation of a other hormone, we-call of feedback.

---

<XPL_ED_04>
<lexical swap - inglês>

How I do to learn to me make-up alone without do course? What I need buy to start?
Look, start with thing simple, was my case, like have the arsenal basic: foundation, powder, eyeshadow with two colors (one light one more dark), mascara, pencil and gloss color of mouth...I not use foundation, but maybe you need then: with the skin clean, spread the foundation by all face (when go buy ask help of-the saleswoman to choose the color ideal, that is very important!), pass the powder compact (idem about the color), then spread the eyeshadow dark on top of-the ball of-the eye (like on the eyelid follow the line of-the globe ocular, forming a half moon) then pass the eyeshadow light (illuminator) in below of-the eyebrow and in all space between the eyebrow and the eyeshadow dark, blend (with a brush for makeup, buy also) then pass the pencil (brown of preference, close to the lashes upper) pass mascara, use the eyelash-curler (buy also) pass mascara again and done.

---

<XPL_ED_05>
<lexical swap - inglês>

How solve a problem mathematical without use mathematics?
Posted by Oscar Y. Takeshita
Many times, one-uses the technique of self convert a certain problem for a other equivalent. That is very useful when the second problem is much more easy of self resolve or understand. Once that the second problem is resolved, one-stays knowing the solution for the first problem.
Let's exemplify this technique with a problem classic posted recently in-this blog.
The form classic of self resolve this problem is using probability conditional. The solution that self follows practically not uses probability.
Suppose that existed a other program of TV in that you also had three doors of-which one contains the car brand-new. However the rules of-the game are the following:
1. Not exists no presenter.
2. You can opt by-the following:
a) Open two doors to your choice.
b) Open one door to your choice.
Which of-the options you would-choose? Obviously the option a).

---

<XPL_ED_06>
<lexical swap - inglês>

1) Today in my coffee of-the morning I-ate the following:
a. a little-bread of salt (1) with butter (2)
b. a glass of milk (3)
c. a apple (4)

You know to what types of molecules organic those foods belong and which is its principal role in-our organism?

MY ANSWER:
a) 1: carbohydrate (starch) – metabolism energetic
2: lipids – metabolism energetic
b) 3: carbohydrate (metabolism energetic), proteins (metabolism of construction and of control) and lipids (metabolism energetic)
c) 4: carbohydrate (metabolism energetic), vitamins

SOME ANSWERS CORRECT OF STUDENTS:
Little-bread of salt: type of carbohydrate, provides energy for the functioning of-the cells (Rodrigo Avelar, 1º. Alfa)
Butter: lipid - provides energy (Suzane Reis, 1º. Beta)
Glass of milk: protein = role structural and of control (Valéria Coelho, 1º. Alfa)

---

<XPL_ED_07>
<lexical swap - inglês>

Ask to-the commander.
"In a trip coming from Foz do Iguaçu, I-started to pay attention in-a detail: the end of-the wing of-the 737-800NG has a rise at-the tip. For what it serves?"
Those extensions turned to up in-the tips of-the wings are-called winglets and improve the aerodynamics of-the aircraft. Despite of represent a great advance of-the engineering aeronautical, this device already exists in-the nature for millions of years. Observe that the great birds, like the condor, the eagle and the vulture, possess some feathers turned to up in-the tips of-the wings. That makes with that the air passes more smoothly by-the wings and allows that they glide for long periods, spending the minimum possible of energy while they-search food or defend its territory.

---

<XPL_ED_08>
<lexical swap - inglês>

1 – What is the FIES?
The Fund of Financing to-the Student of-the Teaching Superior (FIES) is a program of-the Ministry of-the Education destined to finance the graduation in-the education superior of students enrolled in institutions not free. The FIES was created in 1999 and from this year passes to function with important changes that facilitated even more the contracting of-the financing by part of-the students.
2 – Who can self candidate to-the FIES?
Can request the financing by-the FIES the students regularly enrolled in courses of graduation not free that have obtained evaluation positive in-the System National of Evaluation of-the Education Superior (SINAES) and that be offered by institution of teaching superior participant of-the Program.
The student only will-be-able request the financing for a unique course of graduation in that be regularly enrolled. Not will-be considered regularly enrolled the students whose enrollment academic be in situation of blocking general of subjects during the period of inscription in-the FIES.

---

<XPL_FD_01>
<lexical swap - inglês>

FALANTE1 some error mister tax-inspector
FALANTE2 in-the accounts not
FALANTE1 and accountably
FALANTE2 there-is a but of order logical that not invalidates the exactness of-the data
FALANTE1 but logical say soon which is my friend
FALANTE2 you launched in-the debit the what
FALANTE1 the payments
FALANTE2 and in-the credit
FALANTE1 the revenues at-the end I-put the balance of-the bank in-the debit to equalize
FALANTE2 there-is a mistake
FALANTE1 not is correct
FALANTE2 you inverted the balls what was debit you-put in-the credit and vice-versa you-hurt the logic accounting
FALANTE1 I-will fix in-the month that comes since that the folks is with the hand in-the dough I think that the writing incomplete has the problem of-the money in bank how is that one can do your tax-inspector
FALANTE2 there-are two paths first open records for the bank would-be the cashbox of-the condominium in-the bank
FALANTE1 but can launch everything in-the cashbox not would-be more simple
FALANTE2 would-be the second path is of fact the more simple
FALANTE1 how would-be this second path
FALANTE2 all the checks and values in cash received would-be debits of-the cashbox the balance also the deposits as exit would-be credits

---

<XPL_FD_03>
<lexical swap - inglês>

PEDRO in-the second block we had now the participation of-the of-the friar antônio mozart who is of-the commission of bioethics of-the of-the cnbb is placing the question of-the abortion in-the optic of-the church catholic and which the position of-its church in-this question initially of-the abortion
JAIR well good night to all first I want to give congratulations to-the band by-the intelligence of-the space democratic to self debate a subject like this because when a religious goes speak self labels that is only question of religion then what he speaks not interests not in base none throws out well we evangelicals then congratulations congratulations kyle congratulations to-the network bandeirantes for be more one time in-the front in-the question of-the journalism of giving opportunity to-the opposed ones self manifest is we are against the abortion that I want to travel in-the axis scientific theological because not is a question religious idiot we are against abortion is finished because god not not not well first who defines the life in-the science is the biology the biology is that defines in-the science where starts the life the life starts in-the conception it is continuous whether intra or extra-uterine until the death.

---

<XPL_FD_05>
<lexical swap - inglês>

JOÃO but which is the your objection you want say you think that he is a chicken is that
JOANA not not not I like-this I will first praise for after for after I think that the john is a leader I think that a great team needs of a leader in-the goal you need self feel comfortable
FALANTE1 and the luizinho not is
JOANA the luizinho not is
FALANTE1 that-is-to-say is one to zero for the john
JOANA is one to zero for the john is correct

---

<XPL_FD_06>
<lexical swap - inglês>

FALANTE1 considering that we have a grave problem of informality 50% of-the force of work economically active is in-the informality what you pretend do to reduce this grave problem that threatens the condition of life dignified including the rights labor of-the citizens Brazilian
FALANTE2 good night to-the viewers and to-the candidates one of-the great conquests of-the government of-the president lula was the improvement in-the question of-the formalization of-the work in-the brazil until 2005 what the folks saw was this process of-the odd-job of-the way to can have a income or even survive with the government of-the president lula we increased quite the formalization of-the work so-much is like-this that we-beat all the records in-the generation of employment with wallet signed and we-created 14 5 millions of employments until the moment I-believe that until the end of-the year we will-arrive close of-the 15 millions of posts of works created contributed for that necessarily the expansion of-the market internal in-the brazil what allowed that there-was a greater production greater consumption and therefore more employment in-the brazil.